Athena Preview (#6044)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

\* The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## September 2024

> - **New:** The [Amazon Athena adapter](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-amazon-athena) is available as a public preview for dbt Cloud accounts that have upgraded to [`versionless`](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud).

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** The [Amazon Athena warehouse connection](/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-amazon-athena) is available as a public preview for dbt Cloud accounts that have upgraded to [`versionless`](/docs/dbt-versions/versionless-cloud).
```
